Good morning high Masters you
tell the secret how to color
salt we already talked about how you can
change salt color with gouache
paint and today we show how you can
paint salt with crayons
for this we put fine salt on paper
and begin to paint
the longer we paint the brighter
get your
in this way you can decorate any salt
Colour
now we fall asleep salt layers in any
transparent container
like this, layer by layer, we add salt
layers you can fall asleep in a certain
okay picking colors but better
improvise
when the salt is filled
you need to tamp it down like this
we fall asleep salt and once again we tamp
.
you need to seal it
using a candle
Now you need to wait for the paraffin
paraffin froze frozen now salt is not
will stir or get enough sleep
close the lid
cover with cloth and secure with a rubber band
like this with salt and colored chalk
You can make an original decoration for
houses
and those who want it started others handicraft
children's studio high go to the site
and w point high point g.
her